# Personalized High School Math Exercises Recommendation based on Knowledge Graph Completion and Knowledge Tracing

## Introduction

In the context of the popularity of artificial intelligence technology, AI has become a trend in various industries. The theoretical breakthrough has brought about large-scale commercial applications and profoundly changed social development. 

When it comes to AI-education, although there are many deep learning and artificial intelligence solutions, there are not many projects that can be applied and implemented in practice. Most of the solutions are still in the conceptual stage or data collection stage, which is far from practical application. 

In recent years, domestic adaptive learning has begun to enter the field of vision of many people engaged in education training and education investment. There are more and more educational technology companies focusing on adaptive learning tools in the market. At the same time, many educational companies have begun to use adaptive learning as the main core function or main selling point of their products. The biggest advantage of adaptive education is that it can locate the knowledge loopholes of each student. The adaptive learning platform will guide the student to the next learning content and activities most suitable for him. When the student encounters a course that is too difficult or too low during the learning process, the difficulty of the course can be automatically adjusted. Teachers can also analyze the knowledge gaps of each student according to the learning status evaluation report provided by the system, and adjust the learning progress in real time to provide personalized teaching for each student. So in theory, adaptive learning is one of the potential feasible solutions to the problem of "teaching students in accordance with their aptitude" in online education. To make an practical adaptive learning system, I plan to adapted Knowledge Graph (KG) technique with knowledge completion and knowledge tracking in making such a recommendation system.

The key challenges include building one knowledge graph, performing knowledge completion and building recommendation model. 

In the education industry, AI technology is mainly used for the recommendation of teaching resources to teach students in accordance with their aptitude. However, the current AI-based teaching is still at a simple stage, and coarse-grained recommendation algorithms are used to push teaching resources in batches, causing a lot of burden. Compared with other methods, the knowledge graph can express the relationship between knowledge more widely and intuitively. The push based on knowledge graph can ensure better domain adaptability, knowledge granularity and construction automation.

However, the problem of missing ternary groups (i.e., missing links) is common in knowledge graphs. Because the size of missing ternary is usually large, it is costly to find these ternary manually. Therefore, researchers have designed the Knowledge Graph Completion task, which aims to automatically complete missing ternary groups through machine learning models. This task is also known as Link Prediction because it does not add new entities or relationships, but completes links between existing entities. The knowledge graph completion algorithm can make the knowledge graph more complete, which is currently a research hotspot in the field of artificial intelligence. It predicts the missing part of the triples, so that the knowledge graph becomes more complete. Based on the existing knowledge graph completion algorithm, combined with the particularity of education data, we optimized the model construction budget method. 

Knowledge Tracing is a technique for modeling a student's knowledge based on past answers to obtain a representation of the student's current knowledge state. In order to make personalized question recommendations based on student learning, knowledge tracing algorithms are needed to measure individual student learning, and in this paper we propose an improved knowledge tracing approach to better model the learning cognitive model for better performance.

First we build a knowledge map for high school mathematics education based on the existing dataset of public high school mathematics questions, and work at this stage includes entity extraction, relation extraction and attribute extraction, and knowledge fusion techniques. Then we try to use a variety of knowledge graph complementation techniques to complement the knowledge graph and propose an improved knowledge graph complementation algorithm, complete theoretical design, algorithm optimization and experimental validation, and analyze and compare with the existing knowledge complementation models.

Then we complete the design, optimization and experimental validation of the improved knowledge tracing algorithm for high school mathematics education knowledge, and compare it with existing Bayesian-based knowledge tracing and deep knowledge tracing models. And compare it with other cognitive model inference algorithms such as cognitive diagnostics.

Finally, a recommendation model for high school mathematics questions is implemented based on complementary knowledge mapping and knowledge tracing models. A high performance recommendation model based on the high school mathematics knowledge model is proposed to complete the theoretical justification, model optimization and experimental validation.

## Educational Knowledge Graph for High School Math
### Building 